[docs][expo-updates][templates] switch to no-publish workflow (#8066)
expo/expo: packages/expo-updates/README.md

Currently, all apps published to Expo's servers must be configured with a valid SDK version. We use the SDK version to determine which app binaries a particular update is compatible with. If your app has the `expo` package installed in package.json, your SDK version should match the major version number of this package. Otherwise, you can just use the latest Expo SDK version number (at least `37.0.0`).

> If you installed `expo-asset` and have other assets (such as images or other media) that are `require`d in your application code, and you would like these to be downloaded atomically as part of an update, add the `assetBundlePatterns` field under the `expo` key in your project's app.json. This field should be an array of file glob strings which point to the assets you want bundled. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed `expo-asset` and have other assets (such as images or other media) that are imported in your application code, and you would like these to be downloaded atomically as part of an update, add the `assetBundlePatterns` field under the `expo` key in your project's app.json. This field should be an array of file glob strings which point to the assets you want bundled. For example:
```

#### `app/build.gradle`

> Add the following gradle buildscript. This provides expo-updates with some important metadata about the update and assets that are embedded in your APK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following Gradle build script. This provides expo-updates with some important metadata about the update and assets that are embedded in your APK.
```

> Release builds of both iOS and Android apps include a full embedded update, including manifest, JavaScript bundle, and all `require`d assets. This is critical to ensure that your app can load for all users immediately upon installation, without needing to talk to a server first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release builds of both iOS and Android apps include a full embedded update, including manifest, JavaScript bundle, and all imported assets. This is critical to ensure that your app can load for all users immediately upon installation, without needing to talk to a server first.
```
